well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again got a wholesome story for you
today something great for 2019 comes out
of Arkansas happened on August 3rd for
boys aged 15 and 16 they just finished
football practice it's the beginning of
the year you know what that means you
know what you got to go do
time to go fundraise now my day we saw
chocolate bars I guess today is a little
different they're selling some kind of
discount card and they start going
door-to-door you know they're taking
turns as they go because it's
embarrassing at 16 or 15 and just like
any good wholesome story there's a scene
with a dog they're walking along a big
black dog comes out and they dive in the
back of the pickup truck because they're
terrified of it owner comes out it's
like a dogs actually friendly and they
get out and play with it and then they
go up to the house then they walk next
door and before they can even get up to
the door woman comes out with a
chrome-plated revolver sticks it in
their face tells them to lay on the
ground starts yelling cussing out them
demanding to see their IDs she had
already called the cops and informed
them that there were suspicious people
in the neighborhood when she did that
she told them that she saw him going up
to a house and that all of the metals
were african-american and I know this
residence to be white quote so she's
laying there cops show up a few minutes
later luckily one of the cops as a
school resource officer who recognizes
the kids
he's like y'all can go wait by my squad
car and they talked to her about what
happened and then this weird thing
happened she called them over back over
and you would expect this to be the
point where she apologizes no she
lectures them about horseplay and says
that if you know if you're going to be
out selling cards you need to be men
about it quote
man that is some Dred Scott stuff right
there if you're not familiar with that
case it's got a very infamous passage in
it in this in this case it says the
black people are of an inferior order
and altogether unfit to associate with
the white race either and social or
political relations and so far inferior
that they had no rights which the white
man was bound to respect very old case
but as we can see it still rings true
that thought process is still in
people's lines why don't you call it
cops for black males approaching a white
residence it's not like they could be
socially associating too inferior for
that and then after laying them on the
ground pointing the firearm at children
out doing one of the most wholesome
activities in America she has the nerve
to lecture them because well I mean they
don't have any real rights they need
that white paternal thing to kick in and
tell them how they should behave
I guess playing with the dog is too much
we say this all the time you know that's
2019 how could this happen but we have
to say it every day because yeah it's
2019 maybe where you are maybe where I
am but in a lot of places it's still
1860 now so the follow up you know what
happened here
and what happened after this has been a
few days the woman accused of this and
this is all alleged has not been
convicted is Jerry Kelly age 46 the
sheriff did not hold back with the
charges there were some rumors initially
that she was getting preferential
treatment because she was able to come
back and take her mugshot at a later
date I'm judging by the fact that the
Department charged her with four counts
of aggravated assault false in
Prison and endangering the welfare of a
minor they probably aren't showing much
preferential treatment why did people
believe she was going to get
preferential treatment if she used to be
employed by law enforcement agency and
her husband as a gel administrator that
also fits pretty well with 2019 so here
we are moving into the new school year
and this is what we've got to look
forward to we can talk about how much it
has changed and it's easy for people
that look like me to say that but for
teenage boys had a revolver shoved in
their face because they were fundraising
for football in a white neighborhood
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good day